1) Discuss Cloud Network 

2) Explain the working of WI-Fi and Bluetooth
Ans)
Wifi and Bluetooth
1. Wifi -Wi-Fi means "Wireless Fidelity"
Meaning:-Wi-Fi is a wireless networking technology that allows devices such as
computers (laptops and desktops), mobile devices (smart phones and wearables), and
other equipment (printers and video cameras) to interface with the Internet. It allows
these devices--and many more--to exchange information with one another, creating a
networks.
⦁ How does wifi works:-
A Wifi hotspot is created by installing an acess point to an internet connection.
An access point acts as a base stations.
When wifi enabled device encounters a hotspot ,the device can then connect to that network
wirelessly.
A single access point can support up to 30 users and can function within a range of 100-150
feet indoors and upto 300 feet outdoors.
⦁ Advantages:-
1. Comfortness
2. Flexible
3.Expendability
⦁ Disadvantages:-
1.Speed
2.Realibility
3.security
2.BLUETOOTH:
Meaning :-A Bluetooth is a telecommunications industry specification that describes how
mobile devices ,computers and other devices can easily communicated with each other using
a short-range wireless connection.
⦁ How does Bluetooth works:-
A Bluetooth device works by using radio waves instead of wires or cables to connect with
your cell phones,smartphones or computer.
Bluetooth is a wireless short-range communications technology standard found in millions of
products we use every day including headsets,smartphones,laptops and portable speakers.
⦁ Advantages:-
1. Bluetooth devices are wireless.
2. Inexpensive
3. Low energy consumption.
4. provides range up to 100 meters.
⦁ Disadvantages:-
1.Low bandwidth
2.Cannot work in a long distance environment
3.Battery use increased in devices
DIFFERENCE:
Wifi                                                                                                   Bluetooth
1
Bandwidth :- High                                                                                        low
Range :- 100 meters                                                                                     10 meters
Power Consumption-medium                                                                                  low
security:-highly secure                                                                                 less secure
primary devices:-Notebook computers,desktop computer,servers                                         Mobile phones,mouse ,keyboard and offices. 
                                                                                                  

3) Discuss different Types of Computer Viruses

4) Differentiate between Twisted pair, Coaxial cable & fibre optics

5) What is Phishing?
